# TERMS OF SERVICE, Privacy Policy, and EnforcementAct
## You automaticly agree to these terms when buying our products.
 
### Section A

(1) Within this document as titled Terms of Service, bodies of operation that represent the parent organization can be represented by but aren't limited to Zone, Zone, Minecraft Zone, Zone development, Zone, or other instances that involve the corporate name. By mention of such name in said document it is seen that the particular body expressed is official and sincere and was validated by Owner
review. The structure of people that said document may mention are refered to as Zone Owners, Owners, Staff Team, Staff or other equivilent name schemes and thoes references are held to the same standard as mentioned in the first section of this article. 

(2) Zone is a direct interacton sales platform meaning that the preeminent function of sale is done through consumer -> sales-rep interaction in an intimate environment that is under view and moderation of officialy mandated Owners or Staff to ensure moral and constitutional contenuity of ethicality throughout the extent of the company and it's services. Any services that are created or provided by said company that are mandated to be in controll by said company are therefore property and in legal possession of said company. Zone reserves the unrefuteable right to not provide a completed product to a consumer that expresses anger or otherwise hateful intent or words or speach at the Zone Staff. This means that any and all services that would have been provided would cease to be to the consumer's desiers and would be completed for redistribution on any market place or as pre-made setups or other services. Said consqeuenses can also result if said consumer doesn't comply with the payment agreement or comes to the action of charging back said payements for said service(s) and or doesn't or refuses to complete payement despite proof of completetion to standards given at ordering. 

(3) Consumers are not under any findable or demable circumstance allowed to dictate or mandate how or when said service or product ordered is completed and released to them. Consumers are also forbidden from jusrisdicting discounts or paying less than owed due to personal opinions or the service quality provided by the Zone Staff Team or any counterparts used to aid developmental processes or creation or said service or product. The consumer is required to pay half the cost of all and any services or products that are provided before completion to ensure that in the event of the project not being able to be finished we still have funds to run and improove, and it also ensures that the consumer does not scam the company, Zone, and never pay for provided services and products. Said company may also jusrisdict what gateways and forms of payment are acceptable and what persons are responsible for reciving said payment or what way money is recieved. Money is definied as any virtual or physical item or information or data that could be considered monitary value or can be used to purchase an item in some part of the global economic structure. Any false payments or money recieved will result in said financial consequences above (A2).

(4) Consumers that recieve completed product or service of any kind, Customized or pre-made, are under no legal right to redistribute said product or service and will face legal action immediatly upon the completion of an invesitgation led by an outside company or Zone and it's internal counterparts, Owners and or Staff Team, which may also include community members. Zone reserves the right to refuse service to you if we find that your actions in the past or present or any suspicion arise that you are up to no good and may cause any kind of economic or other kind of damage to the company. Any atempt to gain products or services through others if your service is refused is considered highly agressive and will also result in legal action immediatly upon completion of said invesitgation. Any and all conspiritors found to be involved with the incident or infraction will face the same consequences and will also be permenantly denied service from the company Zone unless an Owner of the company provides OFFICIAL Pardon (B2). The Consumer will be provided a product branded as requested however watermarks of workmanship such as build-by signs in builds or development comments in code or signatures in logo designs are legaly required to remain in the photo or if removed credit given in an obvious location, Website that is publicly and easily accesable or Ocasional message in a server or chatroom that provides credit, and if found to be claimed as work of a person or consumer that has not had part in the actual creation process, physically sitting down and making the product, will result in a copyright infringement lawsuit against the consumer or person and any people involved with the incident or with knowledge of this TOS and in cohorts with said consumer.

### Section B

(1) Staff members and Owners of Zone are held to the same standards as normal users and are not given special treatment because of role or actions in the past or present or promised future. Any staff member that is above another staff member may not abuse power that is given to them via role or permission from higher level staff or top level Owners. Abuse of said power results in immediate remove from the discord. In the event that the discord creator is said subjected offendor then the discord must be replicated to a different account and all members be transfered before release of duty is given. All main accounts of said Owner will be changed and adapted so they no longer have access. This goes for any accounts any staff member has access to or has use for that could be used to damage the company after release.


(2) If a consumer or player is banned or removed from service possibility in the discord an official public ban statement will be created in this public repository, and all willing parties involved will sign off on it with official proof of authinticity. Any pardons will be officialy constructed by the mandated Owner or Staff Member that will concoct a document that will be shown on this repository as proof of pardon. This process must be followed under consequences discucssed in section (B1) and are in place to prevent the over baning of players, consumers, or staff (invludes Owners).

(3) Zone reserves the right to impose consequences on any member of the discord server regardless of rank or current work or if you're currently pruchasing a product or service. If you are banned while a product or service you paid for is being developed or made, the same type of consequenses will be applied as described in sections (A1-A2). If you have more than 2 infractions any future repeals will be auto denied and you will be banned on sight if seen in any service we, the company Zone, controlls or has the ability to do so on.
Our consumer's will have access to a list of people and their discord names upon purchases to be aware of scamers, and we Zone reserve the right to post this list publicly within the discord or this repository.

### Section C

(1) Data protection will only be provided during development of the consumer's product(s) or service(s) that they have ordered. Said consumer will loose data protection upon the completion of said consumer's said  product(s) or service(s). Data protection also implies that any and all data sent in our, Zone, services, i.e discord server, will be loged and stored under secure protections for later references and will only release data if necessary or a FOIA is apropriate and legal.

(2) The privacy policy of this company, Zone, is such that any data transcribed through our, Zone, services or products that we, Zone, maintain or own is confidential unless publicly displayed and if information is taken without party aprooval or Owner release it is deemed an infraction and consequences as secribed in section B will follow suit to the correct ammount. 


#### This is the conclusion of the Zone TOC and PrivacyPolicy and EnforcementAct
